# Payment Gateway Project

## Overview
This Payment Gateway project is a Flask-based application designed to integrate third-party APIs for mobile money and card payments. It features a RESTful API architecture, secure request handling using secret keys, and logging capabilities with MongoDB.

## Features
- Integration with third-party payment APIs.
- RESTful API endpoints.
- Authentication using a secret key.
- Logging of requests and responses in MongoDB.
- Autogenerated request IDs for tracking.
- Configurable for different environments (development, testing, production).

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.7 or higher
- MongoDB
- Flask and Flask-RESTful
- Additional Python libraries as required (see `requirements.txt`)

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/Cank256/payment_gateway.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```
cd payment_gateway
```

3. Install dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

4. Setup the .env with it's respective variables:
```
cp .env.example .env
```

5. Setup the .providers.json with it's variables:
```
cp .providers-copy.json .providers.json
```


### Configuration
- Set up the `.env` file with your environment-specific variables, such as `SECRET_KEY`, `WEBHOOK_SECRET_KEY`,`MONGO_URI`, and `APP_PORT`.
- Modify `config.py` for different configurations depending on the environment (development, production, testing).

### Running the Application
1. Start the MongoDB service.
2. Run the Flask application:
```
python app.py
```


## API Usage
- Endpoint: `/api` - for response preview.

## Testing
- Run unit tests for the application (additional details on how to execute tests can be provided here).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.